Hi there, I'm Ed Leak and today we're
going to discuss the four audiences you
should always use in your Facebook ad
campaigns.
However, before I rattle through the
audiences, let's cover off the most
important part of any advertising
campaign, measuring the results. Uh, if
you can't measure your marketing, you're
burning time and wasting money. That's a
fact. I know it might seem like the
boring bit, but in all honesty, if you
haven't already, get your tracking
sorted. Now, when that comes to
Facebook, that means implementing your
tracking pixel. The pixel is a sliver of
code you'll find in your ad manager. Get
that installed on every page of your
website. So, setting up your Facebook
conversion pixel and custom audiences
are essential to tracking performance.
It'll enable you to tap into Facebook's
deep targeting capabilities and perhaps
more importantly, leverage the automated
optimized conversion-based bidding. So I
guess you could say the pixel has three
key purposes. One being to track your
your goals, your conversions. The second
to be optimizing your ads against and
thirdly to build your retargeting
audience. So Facebook's ad algorithms
are very clever. They go deep and you
really want to use them. So when you're
optimizing for conversions in
particular, having the pixel present on
your website enables those algorithms to
prioritize showing your ad to the right
people that will convert. uh and that
whole process uh improves over time and
it's automated as I've said before. So
that's the tracking bit done. Let's talk
about the audiences. Always start with
these four audiences. It can be tempting
to craft your own audience at the start.
You know, the demographic and behavioral
targeting is quite compelling and also
exciting and interesting to to dive
into. But for new advertisers in
particular, uh it can be often quite
difficult to beat the system. So, let's
use the tools at our disposal here and
start with the following four audiences.
So, number one is the obvious choice,
your current page fans. It's the obvious
starting point. You've earned them, so
why not push your stuff to them?
Obviously, if you've got a smaller
audience at this stage, then ad reach
will be limited, but engagement rates
should be higher. Secondly, is your
current customers 1% lookalike audience?
So lookalike audiences are a good way to
widen the net on an otherwise small but
relevant audience. Facebook looks at
around 1,500 data points to build a
lookalike audience from your own. That
deep data means the bigger your
audience, you know, the bigger the
starting audience that you upload, the
more powerful look alikes become. Your
current customers can be divided up into
actual sales leads that you may have
captured uh and email subscribers. So
depending on your goal, you can split
them out and upload them to Facebook and
then you can create a 1% lookalike off
the back of those.
Thirdly is your website visitors. So
this is known as remarketing or
retargeting. Essentially showing ads to
people who have already visited your
website. Gives you an edge in in the
attention race. You know, people's news
feeds are busy. So if they're familiar
with you, these people will be
consciously or or subconsciously aware
of you. Therefore, there will be bias
towards your brand. Um, of course, be
sure to exclude current customers or
sales from this list. And you do that by
setting up a custom audience of your
existing sales, your existing customers.
So, you can both target a list of people
and also exclude a list of people.
Fourth on the list is a 1% lookalike of
your website visitors. So, this extends
your your remarketing reach even
further. So, not only do you target
people that visited your website, but
you can use Facebook's data to find
similar people uh again based on those
1500 or so data points, behavior,
demographic, and all sorts of
information uh including browsing habits
that Facebook has on people. The 1%
lookalike of your website visitors is a
great audience to create. It works
really well. So, here's a quick rule of
thumb for target audience sizes. Uh, you
can expand audience sizes in the future,
but for now, I'd always advocate
starting between 300,000 and a million.
The exception to this rule is your own
page fans, of course, because you may
not have 300,000 to a million people. Do
pay very close attention to your
frequency, uh, the number of times that
your advert is shown on average to an
individual. This is a metric that I
discussed in my previous video entitled,
"Cut the crap. Focus on these three
Facebook ad metrics." So, have a look at
that. it supports this this video
nicely. So, when it comes to uh
targeting as well, if you've only got
5,000 email addresses to upload, you
might think, well, how do I get to to
300,000 as a minimum? Well, no problem.
You build a lookalike audience from it.
So, use the 1% rule to build an audience
of 300 and something thousand. Same goes
for when you only have 10,000 visitors
to your website and your retargeting
list. No problem. You build a 1%
lookalike. They work really well. They
grow your your audience, your existing
uh user base literally in the click of a
button. Really clever. A quick word on
ad images. I know this video is not
about campaign structure, it's about
audience structure, but again, quick
rule of thumb, always test at the very
least three different images per ad set.
So, Facebook audiences are very
sensitive to imagery. An image will have
the the biggest impact of all your ads
performance to test them. We try and
test a dozen images and see considerable
differences in clicks and conversions
even if the advert text and headline
remains the same. So images have search
and impact. And this is what the final
setup looks like with uh one campaign.
This might be a an engagement campaign,
a conversionbased campaign, a lead gen,
whatever it may be. So we have one
campaign with four ad sets. Each set has
its own audience as described in this
video and its own ads within. keep
things simple. You could use the same
ads across all four um audiences there,
each, you know, all four ad sets as it
were because the campaign has one
specific goal. So, the assumption being
that the ads should all sort of fall
into favor with each other. And that's
it. The four audiences that you should
always start with when you're doing your
Facebook advertising. So, if you've got
any questions, please leave a comment
below. And now, go forth and advertise.
And remember, always be measuring,
always be testing. Until next time,
thanks for listening.